Ah!
You said that this hairpin was bought at Yiwu Small Commodity Market.
If you like it, there are many for you.
This hairpin has been around since the interview
There are indeed many products on the market
Really?
That being the case
Then Miss Lu will explain to me
Where did this bracelet of the same style by Brother Ye come from?
Shouldn't it still be wholesale of Yiwu small commodities?
Yes, now Yiwu.
Technology is advanced
This bracelet is made of both workmanship and material.
It is not something that ordinary vendors can imitate.
Miss Lu, no
Miss Ye Ge
You are so beautiful
Take me for a fool?
I didn't expect this aunt's eyes to be so cheap
That's not the hand that got rich now, it's mine
Can't you?
All this should have belonged to me